E:\WorkSpace\PycharmProjects\EYAzIIS\Lab1\files\Basketball.txt
E:\WorkSpace\PycharmProjects\EYAzIIS\Lab1\files\Basketball.txt
When LeBron James and his friends joined the Fighting Irish school basketball team under the leadership of coach Dambrot, there were already many good players on the team,
 but even against their background, James stood out. Dambrot invited his friend, Ben Brown, who coached the basketball team at the University of California at Berkeley, to
 look at a promising player, and Brown came to the conclusion that James was too good for college basketball and would go to the NBA immediately after graduation. 
LeBron scored 15 points in his first game with the Fighting Irish and finished his debut season averaging over 18 points per game. Only in one game in all four
year in the school team, his performance was below ten points. James was distinguished by a good throw and the ability to give precise passes, the coach also noted
his calm manner of play and ability to make quick decisions. LeBron's team went through the 1999/2000 season undefeated and with 27 victories, in the finals of the state championship
 beat the Jamestown Greenview school team with a score of 73-55. Fifteen-year-old LeBron, who scored 25 points, 9 rebounds and 4 assists in the final game, was recognized as the most
a valuable player in the playoffs of the tournament and was included in the first symbolic team of the best players in the state[17].

After winning the state championship, the name of LeBron James became known to a wide range of basketball journalists, and the media became interested in him. In the summer of 2000, James went
 to a basketball camp in Oakland, California, then received an invitation to the Howard Garfinkel camp, which Michael Jordan and Stephon Marbury went through at one time
 and Grant Hill. There, LeBron dominated not only his age group, but also in games with high school students.Before starting his sophomore year of high school, James
 ranked first among his peers nationally by Athlon Sports and second in the same ranking by Sporting News. Interest in LeBron and his team
 was so large that the Fighting Irish rented a larger gym at the University of Akron for home games instead of their own gym, which could not accommodate everyone
 watch the star player live[18].

The Fighting Irish started their second year with LeBron with nine wins in a row. In January 2001, they met the Oak Hill Academy team, then the first
 nationally ranked school team, led by towering center Desagana Diop. LeBron managed to score 33 points in that game, but it didn't save him
 team from defeat with a score of 79:78[19].This defeat was the only one for the team in the season; at the state level, it again had no equal and repeated without any problems
 achievement of last year, winning a second championship title in a row. LeBron finished the season with 25.2 points, 7.2 rebounds, 5.8 assists and 3.8 steals.
 on average per game. He was named the Ohio High school Basketball Player of the Year, was named to the USA Today First Team and was named
 recognized as the best basketball player among his peers according to Sporting News[20].

Before the start of the 2001/2002 season, Fighting Irish lost their head coach - Keith Dambrot, after winning two state championships, received an offer to work in Akron
 university. After his departure, the vacant position was filled by Dru Joyce, who had previously worked with the team for two years as an assistant coach. James' third season as a member
 Fighting Irish was constantly on the move. The popular team received many offers from representatives of other states and successfully played with the best schools
 countries. In February 2002, LeBron and his comrades were again confronted by rivals from Oak Hill, among whom Carmelo Anthony stood out. His confrontation with James
 ended with another victory for Oak Hill, Anthony scored 34 points, LeBron - 36. This game attracted almost as much attention as the Match that took place in the same month
 all NBA stars. At the Ohio State level, St. Mary's St. Vincent was unmatched in the regular season for the third year in a row. Fighting Irish playoff series
 started with a crushing victory by 60 points, won the second game by 39 points, and the semi-final by 29 points. However, in the final, despite 32 points
 LeBron, the team lost with a score of 71:63[21].