E:\WorkSpace\PycharmProjects\EYAzIIS\Lab1\files\Rammstein.txt
E:\WorkSpace\PycharmProjects\EYAzIIS\Lab1\files\Rammstein.txt
In 1989, East German guitarist Richard Kruspe escaped to West Berlin and started the band Orgasm Death Gimmick. At that time, he was heavily influenced by US music,
 especially of hard rock band Kiss. After the Berlin Wall came down, he moved back home to Schwerin, where Till Lindemann worked as a basket-weaver and played drums
 in the band First Arsch (loosely translated as "First Arse" or "First Ass"). At this time, Kruspe lived with Oliver Riedel of The Inchtabokatables and Christoph Schneider
 of Die Firma.

In 1992, Kruspe made his first trip to the United States with Till Lindemann and Oliver "Ollie" Riedel. He realized that he did not want to make US music and concentrated on
 creating a unique German sound. Kruspe, Riedel and Schneider started working together on a new project in 1993. Finding it difficult to write both music and lyrics, Kruspe
 persuaded Lindemann, whom he had overheard singing while he was working, to join the fledgling group.

The band co-existed with the members' previous projects for about a year and a half. Members would invest the money raised with Feeling B shows in new project. They recorded their
 first songs in a building that had been squatted by Feeling B frontman Aljoscha Rompe.[2] A contest was held in Berlin for amateur bands in 1994, the winner of which would receive
 access to a professional recording studio[2] for a whole week. Kruspe, Riedel, Schneider, and Lindemann entered and won the contest with a 4-track demo tape with demo versions of
 songs from Herzeleid, written in English. This sparked Paul Landers' attention, who wanted in on the project upon hearing their demo. To complete their sound, Rammstein attempted
 to recruit Christian "Flake" Lorenz, who had played with Landers in Feeling B. Though initially hesitant, Lorenz eventually agreed to join the band.

Up to that point, the band was called Tempelprayers.[3][4] The name Rammstein comes from an early idea of Schneider, Flake and Paul. They called themselves Rammstein-Flugschau
 (Rammstein Airshow)[5] after the 1988 Ramstein air show disaster. They had that name already written inside their Robur Lo during their time in Feeling B. Guitarist Paul Landers said
 the spelling of Ramstein with the extra "m" was a mistake.[6] After the band became popular, the band members denied the connection to the air show disaster and said that their name was
 inspired by the giant doorstop-type devices found on old gates, called Rammsteine.[7] The extra "m" in the band's name makes it translate literally as "ramming stone".[2] In a 2019
 feature, Metal Hammer explained that the band was named after one of their earliest songs, "Ramstein", written after the air show disaster at the American airbase in Ramstein.
 According to the band, people started to refer to them as "the band with the 'Ramstein song'" and later as the "Ramstein band".[2] Before agreeing on "Rammstein" name, the band
 also had other names in mind: Milch (milk), Erde (earth) or Mutter (mother).[8]

Later, Rammstein was signed by Motor Music.[2] Rammstein began to record their first studio album, Herzeleid, in March 1995 with producer Jacob Hellner.[9] They released their first
 single "Du riechst so gut" that August and released the album in September. Later that year, they toured with Clawfinger[2] in Warsaw and Prague. Rammstein headlined a 17-show tour
 of Germany in December, which helped boost the band's popularity and establish them as a credible live act. They went on several tours throughout early 1996, releasing their second
 single titled "Seemann" on 8 January. On 27 March 1996, Rammstein performed on MTV's Hanging Out in London, their first performance in the UK. Their first major boost in popularity
 outside Germany came when Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor chose two Rammstein songs, "Heirate mich" and "Rammstein", during his work as music director for the David Lynch 1997
 film Lost Highway.[2] The soundtrack for the film was released in the U.S. in late 1996 and later throughout Europe in April 1997. In the middle of 1996, they headlined one tour of
 their own in small, sold-out venues.[2] Rammstein went on to tour through Germany, Austria, and Switzerland from September to October 1996, performing an anniversary concert on 27
 September called "100 years of Rammstein". Guests to the concert included Moby, Bobo, and the Berlin Session Orchestra, while Berlin director Gert Hof was responsible for the light show.